Update services.md with info about how to add custom icon colors (#129)
benphelps/homepage-docs: src/pages/en/configs/services.md

Services may have an icon attached to them, you can use icons from [Dashboard Icons](https://github.com/walkxcode/dashboard-icons) automatically, by passing the name of the icon, with, or without `.png` or with `.svg` to use the svg version.

> You can also specify prefixed icons from [Material Design Icons](https://materialdesignicons.com) with `mdi-XX` or [Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org/) with `si-XX`. You can also add a hex color code as suffix to these icons, `mdi-XX-#123def` or `si-XX-#abc456`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify prefixed icons from [Material Design Icons](https://materialdesignicons.com) with `mdi-XX` or [Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org/) with `si-XX`. 

You can also specify a custom color by adding a hex color code as suffix e.g. `mdi-XX-#f0d453` or `si-XX-#a712a2`.
```
